This network auditing tool will help you to determine what basic spoofing filters are pressent between
two testpoints on two networks, and what anti spoofing filters are missing. They tools are designed to
work between endpoints that would not normaly have any filtering between them exept for anti-spoofing
filters.

In order to determine the spoofing filtering setup of a network three types of spoofed adresses are needed, 
and two test directions, this will give an almost complete picture of the spoofing filters pressent, 
although for some spoofing filters the location  may not be completely clear by a single measurement, and
a 3th point may be needed in order to find the location of the filters.

Basicaly there are 3 kinds of adresses that could be used in spoofing:

* Adresses that fall within the network of the target (TS), these should be filtered by the border routers 
  of the target, any normal network operator will have these filters in place, any network without these
  filters mostly falls into the category of MCSE administered networks and networks run by 13 year old kids.

* Adresses that fall outside of both networks (FS). These should be filtered by the border router of the 
  source network.  Any admin with some sense will install these filters, unfortunately it seems that
  some ISP's don't do this, mostly these are the type of ISP's that have a admin crue that has likes 
  to be able to spoof itself, you should probably have some second thougths if you want to be on a network 
  that is either run by a bunch of hackers or by a bunch of not to competent admins.
   
* Adresses that fall within the network of the spoofer (LS), these could be filtered in terminal servers of 
  the source network. There seems to be only a hand full of ISP's that still use this, looks like that is 
  what you get from letting the telco's run this end of the network. The risk of not having these filters 
  is fairly limmited, but if you have a choice go for a network that does have these filters if you can 
  find any.


The toolkit exists of two litle cute perl scripts that are to be run on two different testpoint machines
on the two networks. The scripts both require the Net::RawIP perl module that can be found on cpan, and
both need to run as root. Please note that no security review has yet been done on the code in its
current alpha state (and I don't know if i'll have the time to do it), so be carefull where you run it,
and dont keep the server running.
The server is started without any parameters.
The server needs three parameters in order to make a complete audit:

* The IP adress of the server
* A ip adress on the clients network that it can use to see if it can spoof this.
* A ip adress on the servers network that it can use to see if it can spoof this.

No adress outside these networks is needed as the DNS A routserver adress
is used for this as a unlikely ip adress to be on either of the two networks.

Ghede 11/2000

